I hope you were able to add the button here just below the miles compose.
It's pretty simple.
All you have to do is just say button such and you should have an option to create a button hit enter.
And then there you have it.
Very simple.
One of the main parameters that is passing is don't click with.
The idea is that a button needs to retrieve or needs to listen to an event and respond to that event.
It makes sense.
So that's why your click is right away, given that there is needed to do here, there's a code block
here that needs to be filled.
What is that?
If we want to happen when the buttons click?
First of all, as it is the button right now, notice it says button and then hers and click and there
is the arrow scope.
So this is where we are going to add the contents inside of these buttons.
In this case, we're going to pass a text because we want to give this button label, say, text.
This is going to be saying what is going to sit in its portfolio.
And as always, we can all was pass other parameters.
In this case, let's say style and style this button and simplify.
I'm going to use material theme again, and I'm going to go to typography and button.
So there is a typography for button when we talk about typography in general, trigger by the font,
the types and so forth.
So let's go ahead and refresh and see what will transpire from this.
And there you have it.
So you see there is a button.
Let's go ahead and run this.
You see on our emulator.
And there you have it.
Very nice.
I'm going to make this a little bigger and close that down a little bit.
OK.
It's looking very good.
There's a button, and all of this is given to us.
So click.
You can see there is that ripple effect.
We didn't have to do anything, really.
All of that is just there for us.
So in this case, here, I'm going to show you on click so on, click.
We want something to happen.
But for now, I'm just going to see emoji log D like this.
And if you see that just hit enter, this is going to allow us to log a few message into our debug console.
So I'm just going to say here clicked and I'm going to change this to clicked like that.
This is the tag.
And now I'm going to go down here.
Open now, Logcat.
This is why we're going to see all of the messages coming from our app.
I'm going to change this to debug because this is d for debug unless we run this.
OK?
OK.
So of smaller.
So now if I click can see clicked with this card clicked.
Now we know when we click the button, something happens.
In this case, we just logging out this message to the console.
Great.
So we made a lot of progress here, and I hope you're still seeing how things work, at least at a very
high level.
And I have to remind you again that I don't want you to get too worried.
This is just to get you started real quick to see this little bit of what's possible with compose and
to realize that there are a few things that I'm leaving out.
And it's all intentional because we cannot promise that we will get back to all of these, all the intricacies
of compose.
We'll talk about them later.
But now just just trying to get something running so we can actually feel good about ourselves.
Very OK.
So we getting really close to finishing, finalizing our app.
The next thing we're going to do is to make sure that when this button portfolio is clicked, we're
going to show a list that will have some dummy data pertaining to our portfolio or this person's or
this developer's portfolio.
OK, so I'll see in the next video.